---
layout: post
title: The First Debrief
feature-img: "assets/img/portfolio/cabin.png"
img: "assets/img/portfolio/cabin.png"
tags: [project 1, debrief]
date: 2019-08-15
color: brown
---

Today is the first debreif, the debreif is a new word for me. Also for this paper, all the experiences are totally new. I didn't expect it to be four weeks so soon, and our entire semester was less than 16 weeks. Recalling these four weeks, what did I do? what I went right or wrong? how much progress did I get? I think here I need some words to summary.

Since the boss Adon is not there, it seems that Grayson is very busy, I was the first to be asked. I think this is part of the assessment of student work. Here is a detailed table that will record what we have done? Such as attendance, communication, the use of Git, the writing of documentation, and Portfolio and more.

Since we are newbies, there are still some places that are not enough. For example, in terms of documentation, although there is not much content to write, at least there should be a basic skeleton. But I didn't write anything. So this is where I need to improve.

### Self-summary:

If I want to summarize my work in the past four weeks, I will say that I am not doing well enough. It took nearly two weeks to debug various development environments, because I wanted to use the Android emulator, both the school and my own 2 computers, and still have compatibility with Carthur, avoiding conflicts in submitting code. 

So I also encountered a lot of problems, specifically I have written another setting about the development environment. On the technical side, I learned a few things about reac native, including basic layout, style, input and output, and state management, user management modules, and basic use of Google Firebase. 

In short, there is no best to me, only better I will go acheive, I still need to continue to work hard, time management will be a challenge.


